Default agent authentication (#2851)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.1/operations/control-access/_index.md

> Administrators can use Sensu's [built-in basic authentication provider][14] or configure [external authentication providers][15] to authenticate via Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Active Directory (AD), or OpenID Connect 1.0 protocol (OIDC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users of the Sensu web UI and command-line tools can authenticate via [built-in basic authentication provider][14] or authenticate via Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Active Directory (AD), or OpenID Connect 1.0 protocol (OIDC) when [external authentication providers][15] are configured by the administrator.
```

Reviewer: I think we should reframe the content in this Authentication section to describe the options for agents vs. end users. I think the difference is primarily that agents can use mTLS and users can't.

> By default, Sensu agents connect and authenticate with the `agent` user, which is [listed as a Sensu user][16].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensu agents authenticate to the Sensu backend using either [basic][14] or [mutual TLS][] authentication.
```

TODO: to add a link for mTLS docs

Reviewer: It might be possible for agents to authenticate using AD or LDAP credentials but I don't think that's tested and I wouldn't recommend it.
